I would say it's pretty difficult. Um, graduate school is unlike undergraduate
in that it's really not meant to be a part time thing. Most
graduate programs, both at the Masters level and at the PhD level,
are designed to be full time programs. And so that's kind of the expectation
is that you are a full time student, Um, and that's reflected
in things like coursework in hours that you need to put in for various
you know, internships and things like that, or or research projects,
Um, and so holding a job particularly a full time job while being
a full time graduate student, um, can be really difficulty. Now
there are some programs. There are some graduate programs that are
especially designed for, for instance, like working professionals Onda.
Those tend Teoh be a little bit more flexible. And although they
may take, you know mawr like it might take you longer in terms of maybe
like years to get out of them in terms of like hours per day. Your
it's less and so that's why it takes longer is because its's like
you're going, you know, part time as opposed to going full time. Um
But in general, no, I mean, in general, if you're a graduate student,
that is your full time job is being a graduate student.